[Cody GA Docs] Improve Cody for JetBrains extension (#58135)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/overview/install-jetbrains.md

## Prerequisites

- You have the latest version of <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/" target="_blank">JetBrains IDEs</a> installed
- You have enabled an instance for [Cody from your Sourcegraph.com](cody-with-sourcegraph.md) account
- Cody is compatible with the following JetBrains IDEs:
  - [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)
  - [AppCode](https://www.jetbrains.com/objc/)
  - [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/)
  - [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/)
  - [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) (Community and Ultimate editions)
  - [PhpStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/)
  - [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) (Community and Professional editions)
  - [Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/)
  - [RubyMine](https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/)
  - [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/)

## Install the JetBrains IntelliJ Cody extension

> Follow these steps to install the Cody extension for JetBrains IntelliJ:

Reviewer: Saw this while skimming the diff. JetBrains uses "plugin" instead of "extensions"
```suggestion
Follow these steps to install the Cody plugin:
```
